# Self Assessment Assignment  
### Self Assessment:
 During this project, I took on the techology design component and the overall dashboard application to present our data, learning, and findings to create a story about our dataset. For my role with technologies, I used what I learned in the class to decide on what technologies would be best for the data we have. I created a [technology diagram](https://github.com/AlexKrumins/Group5_Final_Project/blob/hannah-branch/Images/Group%20Project.png) to display my recommendations for the group. My biggest contribution to the project was the data dasboard featuring the key indicators of heart disease within the dataset, the data distrubtions that contributed to our unbalanced dataset, and an interactive map using country data in the KC Metro Area.  
 I assisted in other portions of the project as well. I helped with the dataset by defining what each characteristic meant from our Kaggle data. This was important to the group because it defines what each factor means, for example "smoker" could mean many different things. Doing a deep dive of the original dataset gave more insight on what we are actually looking at. I also provided privious knowledge with my background in biology. I suggested that we create tables based on meaningful data, thus we created our tables joins based on data from research based resources when creating categories based on "above, meets, and below sleep recommendations" as well as age risks.  
 My greatest personal challenge during the project was speaking up and asking questions. When I didn't understand a route we were taking, at first I had a hard time speaking up. Though as the project went on, I think when I did mention ideas or questions I had, it helped our project and helped me build confidence in myself.  
 ### Team Assessment:
 My team was group 5. For our communication protocol, we used both Slack and Zoom, both of which we were all very familiar with. I think that it was hard of us to always use Slack, so jumping on a Zoom call was a great way to resolve issues quickly. Next time, I think setting a Zoom call time each week outside of class time would be good to get any questions answered if needed.  
 Our strength as a team is that everyone was very easy-going and everyone had a voice. We all overexplain but I think that's what made us a good team. We planned out our project well which made our team very time efficient, so much in fact, we were done with everything prior to the last week. I would say that a new cohort use the syllabus to check off all requirements and plan out all requirements earlier rather than later. 
 ### Project Summary: 
 Group 5's project provides an overall look at contributors of heart disease based on a 2020 BRFSS data. The unbalanced dataset was cleaned to create three separate tables necessary for the analysis and then was put into a unsupervised machine learning model. The results of our analysis showed the top five most likely and least likely contributors to heart disease and allowed us to make recommendations at a county level, specifically the KC Metro counties. 
